c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\App_ProduccionWF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.mReporteF.resources
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.MostrarEF.resources
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.mReporteI.resources
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\App_ProduccionWF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.MostrarI.resources
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.MostrarL.resources
c:\users\produccion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.mReporteL.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.MostrarU.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.mReporteU.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.frmUsuario.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.LogIn.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Main.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.MostrarS.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.mStatusL.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.mEtapaF.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.MostrarEFechas.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.frmBuscarDevice.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.frmBuscarE.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.frmBuscarLote.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.frmBuscarUsuario.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.frmDevice.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.frmLote.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.frmProd_Etapa.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.frmReposicion.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.frmBuscarReposicion.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.MostrarRep.resources
C:\Users\Produccion\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.mReporteRep.resources
